Good morning, family. I just wanted to come on and thank you all for all your love, support, shares, and everything you've been doing to support me.
I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart. You're helping get the gospel out there, and if it wasn't for you all, this channel wouldn't exist.
Besides the Lord telling me to do it, it takes people to support it.
I just wanted to say thank you. I have some things on my heart today to tell you all.
I know a lot of you are hungry and searching for answers for your own lives.
A lot of you are just desperate, and I believe that I have many things I can help you with. My wife and I have lived by faith our entire marriage.
I was raised this way, and she was raised this way: to live by the Word and to stand on our covenant to believe for the impossible.
I have so many testimonies and things that I can share with you about what the Lord has done for and through us.
Here is another thing the Lord reminded me of while I was praying.
I asked, 'Lord, what direction do you want me to go today for the people?'and He said, 'I just want you to keep teaching them their authority—who they are in Me, what they have, and what I did for them on the cross, Brandon.
A lot of them do not know.'I had forgotten about this, but He reminded me.
It started out this way: my wife was pregnant with our first child.
She was nervous about the birthing process because it was her first child and she didn't know what to expect.
As a first-time mom, she found a book called 'Supernatural Childbirth'and started meditating on the scriptures the author discussed about how you could go through labor without any pain.
She found scriptures about the children of Israel, noting that the Egyptian women marveled because the women weren't in any pain and their birthing process was different.
I told her, 'I'll stand with you. I'll believe that there will be no pain whenever you have the baby.'She was pregnant with our daughter at the time.
She believed she started going into labor, but she supernaturally didn't feel any pain.
This is how it all started. I don't want to shortcut the story of what the Lord did for us.
We were driving down there when her water broke. We got to the hospital, and the doctor asked, 'Do you have any contractions? Do you have any pain?'My wife said, 'No, not really.
I don't feel anything.'The doctor said, 'There's no way you're in labor because of the way you're acting.'There was so much peace on her.
She checked her and said, 'Your water has broken, and you're already dilated so far.
This is really strange.'We got up to the hospital room, and my wife was having contractions over and over—you could see her stomach move—but she had no pain.
I was praying and could see the contractions. The Lord opened my eyes to the spirit realm, and I saw an angel standing with her with his hand on her belly.
I told my wife, 'This is what I'm seeing in the spirit realm right now.
This is why you're not feeling any pain.'The angel had his hand on her belly the whole time.
She was dilated all the way to a six or seven, yet she had no pain at all, completely at peace as she was having our child.
Family members came in and asked if she had an epidural. We said no. They couldn't believe it; it was way out there for them.
All of a sudden, I started getting into fear about what was happening because of all the doubt and unbelief coming into the room.
People were saying, 'This is not possible.'The doctor was freaked out and didn't understand, and I let the doubt and unbelief in.
What happened next reminds me of when Peter was walking on the water.
He was able to make it so far until fear gripped him; then he sank, and Jesus had to pick him up and put him back in the boat.
It was a short span of faith that got him there. Suddenly, when I let fear in the room, pain started hitting my wife.
She started screaming; she was feeling it. That angel took his hand off. I said, 'What are you doing?
Put your hand back on my wife and help her!'I was angry and fearful at the same time.
Suddenly, that angel disappeared. My wife went from having no pain at all to complete birthing pains.
It was intense. She started screaming in pain, which freaked me out even more.
She cried, 'Oh my God, help me, Brandon! Help me! Help me!'I said, 'I don't know what to do.
He took his hand off you because there was fear and doubt in the room.'Remember how Jesus made the people leave before He raised the girl from the dead?
It affected the atmosphere so much because of other people's doubt and unbelief.
You have to be very cautious about who you let inside your room.
If you're sick in the hospital or facing an incurable disease, and you let doubt and unbelief in—letting people speak trash like 'this is impossible'—you need to send them out.
Say, 'No, this is a room of faith, hope, and belief. I'm not going to let your trash come inside my hospital room.'You have to send that stuff out.
If Jesus were on this earth today, would He send you out of the room? That's what you have to think.
I want to be the one He says can stay because my faith is strong and I'm believing with Him for the dead to be raised, for cancer to leave, and for incurable diseases to be healed.
You must have people of faith around you at all times. You can't allow doubt and unbelief to come in because the Bible says you can have whatever things you say, and what you say out of your mouth starts manifesting around you.
If fear comes in, fear starts to manifest. That's what happened in our case.
We were robbed of a supernatural childbirth because of fear coming into the room—first from the doctor, then from the family.
What I should have done was tell the family, "I'm sorry."Then people from the church started coming.
"We ain't never seen nothing like this before in our life."They start doubting, and all that doubt starts there.
Doubt is a robber of your blessing. I should have had authority and said, "You know what, y'all?
I appreciate you coming by, but right now we're having a baby here.
Go on out of here."So that angel disappeared; I didn't see it in the spirit realm anymore.
My wife was dilated; she was at a five or six, or maybe an eight or nine. The doctor said, "You're too far into it to get an epidural.
There's no turning back."The rest of the birthing process was bad, but she had the baby and everything was fine.
My daughter's Apgar scores were fine. Everything was fine.
It was just one of those moments that I learned a lot from. Your mountain needs to hear your voice.
I'll say that again. You need to know that: your mountain needs to hear your voice. You have to speak to your circumstances.
My main thing I want to get across is you have to be very cautious who you allow inside of your inner circle.
Whenever you're going through a trial or hard circumstances, you need to put a door up and say, "We are only allowing faith in here."Oral Roberts, because my wife graduated from ORU, said, "Make no little plans here. You've got to think big.
You've got to believe big."It was everywhere: "Make no little plans here."You've got to have a bulldog faith to grab onto a bone and say, "I'm not going to let go of what God has told me I can have."Anything that's in that word—anything—you find it, and he tells you that you can have it.
You can achieve anything the word tells you you can have. Do not let doubt and unbelief rob you of your blessing.
Stand when there's nothing else to do but stand. Stand therefore and believe him for the impossible.
Believe him and you can achieve all things. I've seen it; I've seen God do things I never thought he would.
In my mind, I always thought, "Well, it's going to happen this way.
My miracle is going to happen this way."Don't limit God because he always comes through in a way that you don't realize he's going to, through finances and all kinds of stuff.
When we didn't have any money to get groceries and you think, "Well, it's going to come this way,"no, God comes through in ways that you can't even imagine.
He'll use whoever he needs to use, whoever is going to be obedient.
He has a million and one ways to get it to you. It's going to happen if you just believe and don't give up.
God's faithful to his promises. So, I just wanted to give you that encouragement today and tell you that Jesus is on the throne.
He loves you. Keep a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Thank you for being a part of my little family here, and God bless you guys. Thank you. Bye-bye.